
Inteview 1 : 
  1 Tell me about yourself?
  2 Why Amazon?
  3 Tell me where you proposed an Idea and manager did not aprrove of it. 
    Followup :
      Why manager did not like it?
      Why could have done better to convince him?
      What did you do after he said no/didnt approve it? 
  4 Tell me where there was a tight deadline and how you delivered it. 
    Followup :   
      He wanted to know why there was tight deadline?
      What made this deadline very tight?
      Time frame what you did?
      What did you sacrifice to deliver it?
  5 Coding : 
    For given Matrix(+ve,-ve,duplicates) give me lists of numbers that are sum to zero? 
      https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum-ii/ but in matrix form. 

Inteview 2 : 
  1 Tell me about the time where you didnt consult your manager and made the decision? 
    Followup : (project realated decisions - like deciding technology, language) 
      Why manager wasn't involved?
      Why did you make that decision? 
      Why did you think that decistion was right?
  2 Tell me about the time where you were critisized and how did you handled it?
    Followup: 
      Do you think you could have done better?
      
  4 Tell me about the time you exceeded the expectation? 
     Followup : 
        Why do you think that was exceeding the expectation? 
        What could have you done better? 
  5 System design :
    Design a system that checks the health of 10,000 nodes. 
    Each of 10,000 modes have an API exposed that you have to call and check the health. 
    This API takes 1-5 seconds to respond. 

Inteview 3 : 
  1 Tell me about the time you went several level deep in API's and fixed the problem. 
    Follow up : 
      how did you track down the problem?
      What API's did you go down?
      How did you find the problem?
      What did you do to fix the problem?
  2 Tell me about the time - dont rember this one but on similar. 
  
  
  3 Coding :
    On a matrix there are some friends house(you are supposed to decide how you gonna mark that in a matrix) e.g. 1 
    On a matrix there are blocked places these places you cant buy or traverse through (you have to decide what you gonna mark that in a matrix) eg. -1 ()
    On a matrix there are places that are open plots through this you can walk and buy that plot.
    The goal is to find the available place/block on a matrix that they can buy such that 
      it is the minimum TOTAL distance from that plot for all friends.
    If becauase of blocked plots, if you cant reach all friends from any of the plot in matrix then you should return -1. 
    
     
Inteview 4 :    
  1 Tell me where there was a tight deadline and how you delivered it. (Repeat question) 
    I told him this is repeated question but he still wanted to ans me. 
    He was cool to repeat the answer as well. 
  2 Tell me about the time when you helped a peer.
    He wanted an exmaple where it wasnt my responsibility at all but I still did it. 
  3 Coding: 
      Given a string like "dir1/n/tsubdir1/n/tsubdir2/n/t/t/tfile.ext/ndir22/tsubdir1/n/tsubdir2/n/t/t/tfile.ext"
      (file extension could be anything)
      return integer which is maximum length of a absolute path to a file.
      Explaination : 
        Given string looked like : 
          dir1
            subdir1
            subdir2
              file.ext
          dir11
            subdir1
            subdir2
              file.ext

         So, two files paths are : 
           1 dir1/subdir2/file.ext - length is 21 ( including /) 
           2 dir11/subdir2/file.ext - length is 22 ( including /)
         
       You are supposed to return 22.
       
      
          
      

  
