Notification with multiple languages
     Situation: 
        I have handled the Notification with multiple languages. 
        One of the things I did not like that customer has to change the session language to 
        change the template body of a given language. 
     Task : 
        I brough up this fact to my director and PM how it is very cumborsome and possibly irritating for customers. 
        All language datas was 
        always handled by session language and thats how frameword worked.
     Action : 
        After much of other dealines and work this got pushed out almost 5-6 months. 
        I brought that back up with PM and PM confirmed that he has received compainls from customer about this. 
        Still this wasnt on the priority list as it was more. 
        I started creating APIs that sould handle different languages of save and edit. 
     Result : 
        When it was around 9 customers it started to get on priority list. 
        But by that time i had initial API working so making that to a feature didnt take that long.
        
        
        Customer was in Kuwait and Support was from india  timing was not working out. 
        Had a meeting at 2AM usa/Kuwait9am and resolved the issue. Customer was very happy that from developemnt team 
        was so conirn about the customer satisfaction too.
        
        
        
  S:
  A lot of bug were coming saying why this notification was not deleivered and why is this delivered but not this. 
  Why specific user is not getting emails. There were so many hrs we used to spend with support and customer OWC 
  to figure out why..by turning on fine logs .. going through the logs and coming with the reasons. 
  Setting could be turned on off. 

  T:
    I was thinking what we can we do this to reduce this timing.
    So I suggested an idea of having audit logs and having ESS scheduled job tu purge the requests old request. 
  A:
    So introduce a simple one table and took a snapshot of all the settings and user's information before passing down the call to another team. 
    Wrote confluence page how to figure out the issues for specific users with sample sqls and meaning. 
  R:
    I was able to resolve almost all issues in matters of couple hrs.
