What about this team is interesting?
This is new team so there are gonna be tons of problem to solve and it is gonna be fast paced.
All the cloud technologies involved in elastic search It would be great to have hands on expirence on 
these technologies. 

Why do you want to work at amazon? 
At amazon is everything operates at very large scale. 
To have hand on experience to at that scale will be the best. 
Working at amazon is very unique that you wont get anywhere else. 
I have friends working for amazon more than 3 years and have great things to say about amazon. 
This company is full of challenges.. and if you like taking them its a fun place to be. Work pressure is subjective. 
The only thing I can say is that there is enough work to do. If you can do it smartly there is no work pressure.

Taking initiative or failed : 
  Situation : 
    There were Accesibility bugs coming up on our product. They were assigned to all teammates and everyone was strugguling with those 
    inclusing me. 
  Task : 
    To solve these bugs. 
  Action : 
    Talked to other team found out some documentation. A month letter found out there was training on Accessiblity.
    I enrolled into that traning gathered all information and shared that with the team, Though I am responsible for accessibilyt bugs not which i dont mind. 
  Result:
    We feel lot confident responding to accessibility bug and now all my teammates have all reliabled information/documentations 
    if they have to solve those bugs/

Betterment of customer / diagree with manager 
  Notification with multiple languages
     Situation: 
        I have handled the Notification with multiple languages. One of the things I did not like that customer has to change the session language to 
        change the template body of a given language. 
     Task : 
        I brough up this fact to my director and PM how it is very cumborsome and possibly irritating for customers. All language datas was 
        always handled by session language and thats how frameword worked.
     Action : 
        After much of other dealines and work this got pushed out almost 5-6 months. I brought that back up with PM and PM confirmed that he has received compainls from customer about this. 
        Still this wasnt on the priority list as it was more. I started creating APIs that sould handle different languages of save and edit. 
     Result : 
        When it was around 9 customers it started to get on priority list. But by that time i had initial API working so making that to a feature didnt take that long.

Betterment of customer
  List of Users asssigned to given list of roles
        S: 
          Role and User management you can see user in a role and on user you can see what roles are assigned. 
          There was no way to see the list of User asssigned to given combinations of roles/privileges/resources. 
        T: I checked how is this possible and is it feasible or would take too long ... 
            well it was base idea but given long list of users and roles perfromace issues were clearly visible
        A: Suggested that this will be nice thing to have. 
        R: Month ago GRC is not doing that idea and i am their backend support from ASE. 
        
  I have done 2.am meetings with customers just to solve those bugs so that customer is not
  
3 I am very social person so make a point to talk to all my team members and other teams too:
  Other teammates know me as compare to the people who have been there 7=10 year in irvine office. 
  I quickly learn who know what and interesting problems they solve. 
  This helps when sometimes you need help you know who can help you the best and from who you can learn. 
  
4 I like mentoring/helping people at myst last job I have helped/metored 2 people about understanding ADF framefork and deployments issues. 
  I put a lot of efforts to understand tiny details before i have session with them. 
  There are two motivational factors i consider first i dont want to come up as not knowing thing and still mentoring/helping. 
  I like building connection and helping someone and I feel so good about it. 

5. good at documentation really lame to say that but i think having written docs helps a lot of people. 
   This is again some sort of helping people so it motivates me to do it. 
  
