
Access Manager, the user must be authenticated through Access Manager authentication services and must
be accessing Access Manager-protected resources. 
An Access Manager session created is bound to both a user and the client with which they have authenticated.
Each session is unique and is identified with both a userID and a sessionID to distinguish different sessions for the same user. 

The Access Manager session lifecycle consists of state transitions for session creation, updates, idleness, and expiration.
Access Manager sessions are maintained within OAM Servers to provide tracking and policy enforcement for a given session's
lifecycle.

Session data is stored in multiple tiers to balance latency, availability, and resource consumption. These include:
  The local in-memory cache of each managed Access Manager server.
  A distributed in-memory cache shared by all managed Access Manager servers.
  
If the maximum cache memory size is reached, one of two actions are taken:
  If the session store is enabled, entries are evicted from the distributed cache to make room. They continue to exist in the database, and can be brought back into the distributed cache if needed.
  If the session store is not enabled, as a fallback mechanism entries are written to a flat file on the local machine. As the number of entries in this file grows, 
  along with their percentage of the total number of active sessions, performance will degrade accordingly.
 
The lifecycle of a session refers to the period of user activity from the start of a session to the end. 
Session lifecycle states include:

Active: A session starts when the user is authenticated by Access Manager. The session remains active as long as the user makes requests for Access Manager-protected content, and provided that the session has not expired.
Inactive: A session becomes inactive when the user does not access Access Manager-protected content for the period defined by the Idle Timeout attribute in the session lifecycle configuration.
Expired: The duration of the session has exceeded the period defined by the Session Lifetime attribute.
